Great post John. It's great to see how you displayed both the subjectivity and objectivity of information from a computer science perspective in the article. You have mentioned the basis of Artificial Intelligence being Information and stressed upon the relationship there. I'm in complete agreement and love the way information shapes the learning metric of various algorithmic models. In contrast, have you thought about the impact AI has on information? Several AI models are now developed for information retrieval and processing this information that it retrieves makes the model even stronger. Here's an interesting publication that talks about the same -
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/314457405_Artificial_Intelligence_for_Information_Retrieval
You can have a look if you're interested. Do let me know your thoughts! :-)
Hi cser! You mentioned that information can help AI learning algorithm. However , how can you filter useful information and make it "useful" for AI. It would be great if you can tell me more in this area.
You illustrate your idea with a example of scam email and express it in a binary form. But how about some scenarios which cannot express in binary form? Will the screening of data become more complicated and make AI impossible for the scenario?
OMG after reading your blog. Finally I got the meaning of information entropies. The maths scared me off but your explanation was very easy to understand. Thanks
The idea of objective learning and subjecting learning is very funny, no doubt that student or children can only receive limited knowledge from school , but moreover who should be the right one or right way for them to develop their subjective learning? I believe except the technology help, their parents should use more body coaching "XinZou" to develop their own child, this is not a tradition should replace by the technology.
I adore that you use pictures to illustrate your ideas, it makes much clear and easy to read.
In the whole blog, you have talked about how social media and education are related. I do like your point that education should be in a communication way, but not just a speech, or spread from a single side.
For how to let children acquire subject learning better, I believe a very important point is that the one who teaches them, no matter who, should not punish at all, while trying to understand why the child is going to do so. The one who teaches children should treat them as thoughtful, but not always thinking themselves are older so they are right, so children probably could easier to acquire the reasoning skills, and easier to understand the "right" idea.
Education is something taken for granted in Hong Kong, but it's actually precious in other countries especially those in Africa. I appreciated that you put what we have learnt during lectures into your blog and you drew pictures by your own to illustrate your point of view.
There is no doubt that technology can help us to educate students, especially objective knowledge can be easily taught with the help of technology. But when it comes to subjective knowledge, I doubt the effectiveness of technology, particularly social media. Social media is full of information and knowledge, as well as false information, prejudice, wrong value and so on. Children might not be mature enough to distinguish between them. Learning subjective knowledge is a lifelong learning process, and it's better to be taught by someone who has a very close relation to the child and who always be with he/she like their parents.
It is no doubt that objective knowledge mainly will be taught in the lesson. But how do we learn subjective knowledge, like the social norms? Obviously, the answer is parents, friends, they learn the norms from their closest relative. But we shouldn't forget the environment, environment can be one of the characters who teach students norms, especially the Internet.
Different opinions can be seen on the Internet easily like NBA supports the freedom of speech but Chinese people don't think so. We can see their view and their actions, comments easily by words, videos and audios. But who determines which one is right or wrong, how they can know the rule of the social norm. Can Facebook, Twitter tells them it is wrong or not? Will parents address a wrong social norm based on their subjective feelings toward an event?
What I try to address is that teaching in objective and subjective knowledge is closely related. I agreed that social media is a platform for children to get knowledge, they can discuss the objective knowledge or discover new theory in the world of Intenet. Some of the classes are doing flip learning right now, the student learns the knowledge at home, then the teacher and student discuss on the exercise or closely related topics. If a student learns the wrong social norm on the internet, it is hard to change it back.
Teachers in school should have the proper education on the right use of the Internet first. So the first step is not to develop a Internet access but is to develop the right attitude towards the use of the Internet first.
No doubt that learning thourght is fast, attractive. But most importantly, the Internet is just a tool for learning, there are many ways to learn. We should not fully depend on the use of the Internet.
You have mentioned some really nice solutions towards the goal of quality education John! I was intrigued and interested to know more about the term Epistemic Systems. How do these systems contribute to this goal? Apart from that, one of your solutions mentioned giving students access to better online education resources. But I believe that this solution is limited to only those children who are fairly well-off and have access to the means to use online education. Also, I agree that knowledge is subjective and objective. Most of the institutions focus more on the objective side whereas the equally important subjective side is ignored. I would recommend institutions like schools to pickup courses taught to us in University regarding general education which can help develop in students the realms of virtue and logic
It is cool to distinguish learning by subjective and objective learning. I agree that the social media is a social platform for children to get knowledge. In the era of technology, we can see that many children are watching their electronic devices on the street, they can keep monitoring their social media anytime. So if we provide more learning resources on the social platform, the children can get more knowledge from it. But one important thing is that when there are too much information on the social information, the children may not know which is right or which is wrong, so they still need teachers or parents to guide them.
The education of children on poor area is one of the biggest challenge for the whole world. As education is the root of everything, many tragedy can be avoided if people who living in a very poor area like south Africa, for example, if most of them have the knowledge of farming, famine won't happen and many death can be avoided. But the cost of education is very high and we are lacking resources like teachers from the world who are willing going to a place far from their home. Therefore, online resources become the best tool for them to accept education and most importantly, it is very low cost on average.
I really love your definition of two types of social media, learning media and communication media. Learning media is a really useful tool, it allows everyone to have a chance to be educated, people can learn through only a tablet or computer, which decrease the cost for students, besides, it can also check out the progress easily, as what you mentioned above, to analysis and check how they learnt through the learning media, what has to be improved, it is a useful tool to provide quality education!
The authors focus on two social media, Learning media and communication media. The author demonstrates the online learning model based on social platforms. This is a new type of education that has emerged in modern times. Now people can learn through the Internet and use these media to find different levels of learning resources deliberately and quickly. Another kind of communication media can better stimulate students to think in many ways, but I still want to remind you that the Internet is a double-edged sword. Anyone can make a speech, whether it is good or bad. If a young child browses to some incorrect ideas, it will affect her values.
Nowadays, more and more people love going to online social platform to discuss different kinds of thing. This, in your defination, is what you call Subjective knowledge. As a person who love go online platform to know different things, I totally agree with you that these kind of platform are actually full of fake and false information. And the reason why this happening is just because they love to make such fake information to make fun of people. Therefore, in any way, we shouldn't encourage people to acquiring knowledge on these media.

